---
title: ATM Python Projects
date: 2024-01-02 14:10:00 +0800
categories: [Blogging, Programming]
tags: [ATM, Python, Programming]
pin: true
math: true
mermaid: true
image:
  path: (/Images/BMI/Picture3.png){:width="485"  height="343"}
---

## [ATM Python Project](https://github.com/MauriLoi/ATM-Python-Project)

<div align="justify"> This is a simple ATM system implemented in Python, allowing users to perform basic banking operations such as withdrawing, depositing, and checking balances. </div>

### [Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/MauriLoi/ATM-Python-Project/blob/main/ATM(Pyhton_Code).ipynb)

## Features

*  User Authentication: Users can log in using their PIN.
*  Balance Inquiry: Check account balance before performing transactions.
*  Withdrawal: Withdraw cash from the account.
*  Deposit: Deposit cash into the account. 
 
## Requirements

* Python 3.x
* Terminal or command prompt

## Usage

1. Run the ATM-Python-Project.py file.
2. Follow the on-screen prompts to perform desired actions:
   * Enter the PIN to log in.
   * Choose from the available options (balance inquiry, withdrawal, deposit).
   * Follow the instructions displayed on the terminal.
3. To exit, select the appropriate option or press a designated key combination (e.g., Ctrl + C).

## Contributing

<div align="justify"> Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to enhance the functionality or fix issues, please follow these steps: </div> 

* Fork the repository.
* Create a new branch (git checkout -b feature/improvement).
* Make modifications or additions.
* Commit your changes (git commit -am 'Add feature/improvement').
* Push to the branch (git push origin feature/improvement).
* Create a new Pull Request. 

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgements

<div align="justify"> This project was inspired by JustIT Bootcamp.
Thanks to Jessica our teacher. </div>

